Move airflow sources to airflow-core package (#47798)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/howto/set-up-database.rst

    the Airflow's PMC members and Committers have reached a resolution to no longer maintain MsSQL as a supported Database Backend.

    As of Airflow 2.9.0 support of MsSQL has been removed for Airflow Database Backend.

>     This does not affect the existing provider distributions (operators and hooks), DAGs can still access and process data from MsSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This does not affect the existing providers (operators and hooks), DAGs can still access and process data from MsSQL.
```
